Sync UI (#10285)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* Add Micrometer icon
* Update MySQL UI to support MariaDB
* Add AWS menu for supporting AWS monitoring

> * Add missing fastapi logo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add missing FastAPI logo
```

> * Update the log details page supports the formatted display of json content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update the log details page to support the formatted display of JSON content
```
